I saved you. Here we go again.
Qi Tian, shut up
What's wrong with him?
Nothing. It could be BTSD
Miss Ye
You must have let Wei Chengzhu drive Ye Bingtao away
And saved me by the way, right?
Miss Tian
Oh, his analysis makes sense.
As soon as you say
The health master said that this sea dragon palace villa is not his
That must be yours, Miss Ye
In fact, Miss Tian
I know you don't ask for anything in return
But I will always remember this kindness in my heart
It seems that the electricity bill has finally been drawn.
Xitian, don't laugh at me
You lied to me just now that you saved me
I'm still getting slapped in the face.
What a liar
Miss Ye Qi Tian, he is a liar
He doesn't deserve you at all, so leave him now
Where did you say you were going?
I go back to my room to eat
I don't want to eat with brainless people
It's all your fault today
Your assistant is pissed off by you
Miss Tian, I find you are really talented.